notices Sam's eyes keep flicking to another pretty Hobbit,
          Go on, Sam, ask Rosie for a dance.
Sam goes to drain his glass... suddenly it is snatched out of
as he is Swept away.   Frodo laughs and finishes Sam's beer.
bids the last of the Patron's "Goodnight"...Sam meets her
          Confound it all! Samwise Gamgee, have
To reveal Gandalf, Frodo and Sam hurrying across a ploughed
and Sam are carrying knapsacks.
          Come along, Samwise...keep up...
Gandalf leads Frodo and Sam under the cover of Woods.
Sam stops short...taking stock of his surroundings.    Sam
FRODO gives Sam a pat on the shoulder.
          Come on, Sam.
Sam takes a deep breath and steps forward. CLOSE ON: SAM'S
Frodo and Sam continue their journey.
Wide on: Frodo and Sam walking along a country lane which
borders Farmer Maggot's Fields. Sam is looking up...Frodo has
          surprised as Sam comes running towards
          I thought I lost you. Frodo looks at Sam
          suspiciously. Sam glances down,
          He said..."Don't you leave him, Samwise
          Sam...we're still in the Shire...what
          Sam, hold this...
Merry gives Sam a large cabbage.
away...with Frodo and Sam on their heels.
Frodo, Sam, and Merry and Pippin tumble head over heels down
undergrowth. Sam, Merry, and Pippin race toward the
Sam grabs Merry and Pippin as the Hobbits quickly scramble
Frodo, Sam, Merry, and Pippin hurry through the
intently...Sam keeps looking around nervously.
          I have to leave the Shire...Sam and I
          Get the ropes, Sam.
Sam and Merry shove off with the poles...the ferry slides out
Frodo, Sam, Merry and Pippin make their way through the
Close on: The sign of the "PRANCING PONY INN"...Frodo, Sam,
Frodo, Sam, Merry and Pippin come rushing in.   Frodo attracts
FOLK, LOCAL HOBBITS, and a couple of dwarfs. Frodo, Sam,
clearly trying to remain Quiet and inconspicuous... Sam can't
          Sam, he'll be here.    He'll come.
Sam watches Pippin rise unsteadily to his feet and head to
Sam indicates a BROODING STRANGER who sits alone at a table
Sam looks sick; Pippin instantly sobers, realizing his folly;
The door bursts open and Sam, Merry and Pippin appear on the
doorway. Sam is Squaring off with is fists, Merry brandishes
QUICK INSERT: Sam's eyes open wide. In unison, the RINGWRAITS
RAGE!! INSERTS: Sam sits up with a start! Close on: Another
WIDE ON: Sam, Merry, and Pippin have been sleeping on
overgrown forest. Sam follows at the read leading "Bill", a
Strider stops, casts a glance back at Sam.
Aerial on: Strider leading Frodo, Sam, Merry, and Pippin
sniffing the air. Sam, Merry, and Pippin huddled over a small
Frodo, Sam, Merry and Pippin clamber desperately towards the
Frodo, Sam, Merry, and Pippin race into a RING OF BROKEN
Sam rushes forward with a cry. He swings his sword at the
Witch King, who blocks the blow with his own sword. Sam's
sending Sam flying. Merry and Pippin, overcome with terror,
...Appearing back in the real world, Sam rushes over to him.
back. Sam, Merry, and Pippin are running to keep up. The
          Sam, do you know the Athelas plant? Sam
Sam and Strider desperately search the dark forest floor for
Sam runs to Frodo's bedside.   He is overjoyed to find Frodo
          Sam has hardly left your side.
Frodo and Sam walk together. Suddenly, the voices of Merry
Sam looks past Frodo smiling... a bent figure sits alone on a
bench, in the Sun. Close on: Frodo turning, following Sam's
Sam busily tries to stuff more and more things into his
          watching Sam.
Sam looks up, startled.
          Sam?
          You're right, Sam. Frodo looks at Sam...
Gandalf and Elrond watch Frodo and Sam from Elrond's balcony,
A Sudden Noise...Sam pops up from behind a Bush!
CLOSE ON: Sam at the campfire. The sound of clashing swords!
          Merry..Pippin...Sam...take cover! WIDE
Sam as snow piles around them. Within moments, the pass is
Mumbling spells in his efforts to open the door. Sam packs
          Go on, Bill, go on..don't worry, Sam...he
          ON: Sam watching Bill disappear into the
Sam's eyes glance at Frodo's belt...
spewing green blood! Sam is backing up against a wall...a
over...Sam looks surprised. He wallops another Goblin and it
Sam screams as Frodo is lifted off his feet by the spear tip
The hobbits go crazy. Sam slashes at the cave troll's knee,
grassy sunlit hillside. Sam, Merry, and Pippin fall slowly to
          Gimli, get them up. On your feet, Sam.
Galadriel's eyes settle on Sam.
Gimli, Legolas, Merry, Pippin, Frodo and Sam are in a
Factories! We see Sam...Merry... and Rosie Cotton. Soot-
Sam has slumped asleep...Merry dumps a small pile of kindling
Sam sits up with a start...Aragorn's head snaps round..his
          especially Sam...he will not understand.
Sam looks around for Frodo. CLOSE ON: LURTZ ordering his
Boats, the ring in his palm. A distraught Sam...running as
boat into the water... Sam bursts through the trees and runs
shore..tears in his eyes..the voice of Sam carried on the
           No, Sam.
Sam looks at the water...then at the boat.
SPLASH!   FRODO turns to see Sam launching himself into the
          Go back,Sam. I'm going to Mordor alone.
Sam splashes hopelessly toward the boat.
Sam starts to go under, spluttering and coughing...Frodo
          Sam!
Sam is underwater...hands flailing helplessly as he sinks.
Close on: Frodo's hand grasping Sam's... Frodo pulls a
bedraggled and half drowned Sam into the boat. Frodo and Sam
          "Don't you leave him, Samwise Gamgee."
          Oh, Sam!
          Sam before nightfall.
Aragorn looks towards the far shore; Frodo and Sam's small
Sam make off into the forest beyond. He doesn't react.
Frodo and Sam scramble onto a high ridge.
          Sam?
Frodo looks at Sam with great affection..despite the grim
outlook, Sam is undeterred...
